# League-Of-Legends-Pre-Match-Winner-Prediction-And-Recommendation-of-Champion-Using-Python

Objective:
The purpose of the project is to analyse a dataset and conduct various statistical hypothesis tests to make meaningful insights out of it. The statistical algorithm ‘Logistic Regression’ would also be used to train the dataset and predict an assigned binary target variable. The data of League of Legends pre match 2021’ is used for analysis. League of Legends, commonly referred to as League, is a 2009 multiplayer online battle arena video game developed and published by Riot Games. Inspired by Defence of the Ancients, a custom map for Warcraft III, Riot's founders sought to develop a stand-alone game in the same genre. A proper analysis of the data will help in bringing out meaningful insights. We have also built a recommendation system which works on the principle of popularity or anything which is in trend. Our recommendation system will recommend Top 5 champion to the player arranged from champion with highest win rates at top and lowest at bottom. As motive of every player playing game League of Legends is to win a Game, this recommendation system will help them in selecting the suitable player on the basis of data available. There is probability that may be the top champion in recommended list is not available to the player, therefore we are recommending top5 champion. Any player can be chosen on the basis of his choice, skills, interest. Basically, this will recommend a player “champion” at every position a Player wants to play. Since recommendation system uses thousands of records of Ranked matches played across the country by different skilled players, which will help player in selecting Champion which will give high probability of winning the Game.


Size of Dataset too large to upload,here is the link:https://oracleselixir-downloadable-match-data.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/2021_LoL_esports_match_data_from_OraclesElixir_20220227.csv
